README.md, before:

Random Joke Generator

The Random Joke Generator is a simple, colorful, and responsive website that serves up a random joke each time a user presses the "Generate Joke" button. Built with HTML, CSS, and vanilla JavaScript, it's designed to be simple enough for beginners to understand while being a fun example of web development basics.
Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.
Prerequisites

This project doesn't require any special packages or libraries. A basic web browser is all you need to run the website.
Installation

    Clone the repo

    sh

    git clone https://github.com/JoeyAwwad/MrJokes.git

    Navigate to the project directory
    Open index.html in your web browser

Usage

Use this project to brighten your day with a random joke! Simply click the "Generate Joke" button to display a new joke.

Roadmap
Future Updates Chain

    Version 1.1:
        Add more jokes to the array for a wider variety.
        Implement a "share joke" feature, allowing users to share jokes on social media.

    Version 1.2:
        Introduce user-submitted jokes, including a moderation system to ensure content quality.
        Add animations to enhance the UI/UX.

    Version 2.0:
        Migrate to a server-side joke generation model to expand the joke database dynamically.
        User accounts and customization settings, allowing users to save their favorite jokes.

    Version 2.1:
        Implement an API to allow other developers to fetch jokes for their applications.
        Internationalization support to reach a wider audience with multilingual jokes.

Contributing

Contributions are what make the open-source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated.

    Fork the Project
    Create your Feature Branch (git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature)
    Commit your Changes (git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature')
    Push to the Branch (git push origin feature/AmazingFeature)
    Open a Pull Request

License

Distributed under the MIT License. See LICENSE for more information.

Contact

JoeyAwwad - @joeyawwad - joey@ulties.com

Project Link:  https://github.com/JoeyAwwad/MrJokes

Commit message:

Updated with roadmap/changelog
Added progress and changelog system

README.md, after:

Random Joke Generator

The Random Joke Generator is a simple, colorful, and responsive website that serves up a random joke each time a user presses the "Generate Joke" button. Built with HTML, CSS, and vanilla JavaScript, it's designed to be simple enough for beginners to understand while being a fun example of web development basics.
Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.
Prerequisites

This project doesn't require any special packages or libraries. A basic web browser is all you need to run the website.
Installation

    Clone the repo

    sh

    git clone https://github.com/JoeyAwwad/MrJokes.git

    Navigate to the project directory
    Open index.html in your web browser

Usage

Use this project to brighten your day with a random joke! Simply click the "Generate Joke" button to display a new joke.

Changelog for Mr Jokes Website

Version 1.0.0 - Initial Release

    Basic joke generation functionality with a static list of jokes.
    Basic styling with a responsive design.

Version 1.1.0 - Feature Enhancements

    Added a "Save Favorite" feature to allow users to save their favorite joke to local storage.
    Implemented a dark/light mode toggle for user preference.

Version 1.2.0 - Social Sharing and Ratings

    Added social media sharing buttons for Twitter and Facebook, allowing users to share jokes.
    Introduced a simple joke rating system with thumbs up and thumbs down buttons.

Version 1.3.0 - Content Expansion and Styling Improvements

    Added new content sections: "Top Rated Jokes", "Joke of the Day", and "About Us" to provide more information and engage users.
    Updated CSS to ensure new sections adapt to dark/light mode toggle for a cohesive visual experience.

Version 1.4.0 - Accessibility and Usability Enhancements

    Adjusted font sizes and colors for better readability and accessibility.
    Improved responsiveness for a wider range of devices.

Future Updates (Planned)

    Integrate with a joke API to dynamically fetch and display an ever-changing collection of jokes.
    Implement user accounts for personalized experience and joke recommendations.
    Add multilingual support to make the website accessible to a broader audience.

Contributing

Contributions are what make the open-source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated.

    Fork the Project
    Create your Feature Branch (git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature)
    Commit your Changes (git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature')
    Push to the Branch (git push origin feature/AmazingFeature)
    Open a Pull Request

License

Distributed under the MIT License. See LICENSE for more information.

Contact

JoeyAwwad - @joeyawwad - joey@ulties.com

Project Link:  https://github.com/JoeyAwwad/MrJokes
